# Smart-ticketing-system-project-files
This repository is the files which contains the code and full information about the project
This contains the project flow for creating a form to enter the user details and upoad it to IBM cloud platform
Node red is a platform where we can work on many things such as IOT, machine learning, database, data science etc. First for a user to buy a smart card he should register himself in a webpage. Node red helps us in creating a webpage for the passenger to fill up his form. For accessing the node red, go to the catalog page after signing into your IBM cloud account and search for node red in the search bar after that it shows node red click into that and then enter the name of your node red. After that select the region and then click create button. After creating node red service go inside the node red by going onto the dashboard and click on the cloud foundry apps, after that click onto the node red button and it will take you to this kind of a page.
  
In this page we have to start creating a flow which can create a form to accept the passenger details and store it in the cloud database. I have created the flows for creating a form and accepting the passenger details and storing it in the cloud database. Here is the code for that

[{"id":"c586dca6.0824d","type":"tab","label":"Flow for creating a form to enter user details","disabled":false,"info":"This flow creates a form which gets the passenger details such as Name, Phone number, Email-id, pin code, Address and these details will be stored in the cloud database in IBM."},{"id":"dcc022c1.cfb8","type":"ui_form","z":"c586dca6.0824d","name":"","label":"Passenger Registration","group":"aaf3d43a.d1bc48","order":1,"width":0,"height":0,"options":[{"label":"Enter your name","value":"Name","type":"text","required":true,"rows":null},{"label":"Enter your phone number","value":"Phone number","type":"number","required":true,"rows":null},{"label":"Enter your email-id","value":"Email-id","type":"email","required":true,"rows":null},{"label":"Enter your address","value":"Address","type":"text","required":true,"rows":null},{"label":"Enter the pin code","value":"Pin code","type":"number","required":true,"rows":null},{"label":"Enter the password","value":"Password","type":"password","required":true,"rows":null}],"formValue":{"Name":"","Phone number":"","Email-id":"","Address":"","Pin code":"","Password":""},"payload":"","submit":"Submit","cancel":"Cancel","topic":"","x":170,"y":320,"wires":[["6e159d22.f917f4","c3926b67.594be8"]]},{"id":"6e159d22.f917f4","type":"function","z":"c586dca6.0824d","name":"Output message to the passenger","func":"msg.payload=\"Hey \"+msg.payload.Name+\" your registration is successfull\"\nreturn msg;","outputs":1,"noerr":0,"x":380,"y":180,"wires":[["a8a0d32b.5a2d5","650430f5.0aef6"]]},{"id":"a8a0d32b.5a2d5","type":"debug","z":"c586dca6.0824d","name":"Output message","active":true,"tosidebar":true,"console":false,"tostatus":false,"complete":"payload","targetType":"msg","x":120,"y":60,"wires":[]},{"id":"650430f5.0aef6","type":"ui_text","z":"c586dca6.0824d","group":"aaf3d43a.d1bc48","order":2,"width":0,"height":0,"name":"","label":"Status","format":"{{msg.payload}}","layout":"row-left","x":500,"y":360,"wires":[]},{"id":"c3926b67.594be8","type":"cloudant out","z":"c586dca6.0824d","name":"Database to store the passenger information","cloudant":"","database":"passenger_information","service":"node-red-sling-cloudant-1591681487761-86457","payonly":false,"operation":"insert","x":510,"y":460,"wires":[]},{"id":"aaf3d43a.d1bc48","type":"ui_group","z":"","name":"Passenger Details","tab":"afeeb65a.a9bfd8","order":1,"disp":true,"width":"6","collapse":false},{"id":"afeeb65a.a9bfd8","type":"ui_tab","z":"","name":"Registration","icon":"dashboard","order":2,"disabled":false,"hidden":false}

After the creation of the flow we have to create a database to store the passenger details. The cloud database can be created using the IBM platform. Go to the catalog page and enter cloudant and create a cloudant account. Using the cloudant out node in Node red we can store the passenger details in a database which was created by the user in IBM cloudant and here is the link to access the cloudant.
API Key: apikey-0f2c9e3da99f44e7899528a253eda47f
Password:586a13b1825444a357b7b74bdd0feea0f3bc38f6
-
